feat(events)!: add config.merge option (#2643)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/opentelemetry-collector.md

### Customizing OpenTelemetry Collector configuration

If the configuration options present under the `otelevents` key aren't sufficient for your needs, you can override
the OT configuration directly.

> The `metadata.metrics.config.merge` key can be used to provide configuration that will be merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `otelevents.config.merge` key can be used to provide configuration that will be merged
```

with the Helm Chart's default configuration. It should be noted that this field is not subject to
normal backwards compatibility guarantees, the default configuration can change even in minor
versions while preserving the same end-to-end behaviour. Use of this field is discouraged - ideally
the necessary customizations should be able to be achieved without touching the otel configuration
directly. Please open an issue if your use case requires the use of this field.

> The `metadata.metrics.config.override` key can be used to provide configuration that will be completely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `otelevents.config.override` key can be used to provide configuration that will be completely
```
